The Jurgens model shown here implements Becker and Jurgen's modification of the original Robinson model of the saccadic brainstem. This involves the addition of a second integrator, the displacement integrator, which governs the feedback loop that regulates saccades once in flight. The original Jurgens model suggested that this displacement integrator was reset to a value of zero after each saccade was complete. For simplicity, this is accomplished here by allowing the displacement integrator to "leak" with a time constant of 100msec (a possibility first tested by NIchols and Sparks in the late 1990s). The leaky displacement integrator, however, introduces a number of problems if the model attempts to produce a second saccade before the integrator has fully reset to zero or if a very large amplitude saccade is attempted. These details are explored more fully in the models included in the folder marked "Brown and Glimcher".The most interesting "experiment" with this model is to examine the responseof the model if two saccades are triggered in sequence (but not too close intime because of the gradually resetting displacement integrator). The secondsaccade, of course, occurs because the model specifies a desired change in eyeposition rather than a desired orbital position as is the case in the original Robinsonmodel. This modification was made to account for the fact that essentiallyall saccade specification signals that have been identified are in desired changein eye position coordinates (usually referred to as "motor error" coordinates. Finally, it's important to be aware of the effects of the gradually resettingintegrator on saccade dynamics. Because the gradual reset decreases thestored representation of the "movement accomplished", large saccadescan overshoot. For a very large saccade, the saccade can even becomenon-terminating (infinite amplitude). This is obviously a failure of thegradual reset model. More complicated models with discrete resets are closerto the model original proposed by Jurgens and colleagues but are not shown herefor simplicity. The Brown and Glimcher folder contains models of thesetypes.