Smoothpur is  a simple smooth pursuit model that roughly replicatesthe model of Young and Yasui described in Zee and Lee's book:The Neurology of Eye Movements. The model takes an input thatcodes target velocity. The velocity signal can be input either asa sinewave or as a velocity step. Control of the input is accomplishedinside the "Stimulus" box where a constant of 1 specifies a step anda constant of 0 enables the sinewave generator. The signal is thensubtracted from the rate of actual retinal motion to yield a measureof retinal slip. Retinal slip then serves as an input to the actualneural system. Slip passes through a 70msec visual delay and thenthrough a series of gain elements to a standard oculomotor brainstem(indicated in gray). An internal feedback loop serves to storean estimate of the target's velocity once the eye is moving alongand retinal slip has reduced to near zero.Note that the model shown here does not (as the original Youngand Yasui model does) include a model of the plant in the positivefeedback loop. (Note that the actual Young and Yasui model doesn'thave a very good plant model. The plant model here is Robinson's.)Putting a copy of the plant in the positive feedback loop is importantbecause it allows the second comparator to compare two similardatasets. This has the effect of basically eliminating the positivefeedback that is imposed by the retina's movement. We've left the neural copy of the plant in the inner feedback loopout of this model, however, to point out how sensitive these models areto the settings of the gain and delay. Small changes of parameterscan make the model ring badly and become unstable. This is largelya product of the long transduction delay (try shortening it) and thefeedback loop.One final note is that the magnitude of the "Open Loop Gain"turns out to be very important. There is some evidence thatthis parameter is (in the real brain) pretty large (like ~8).If you set that here the model become a mess. This observation(and lots of others) imply that this is a pretty miserable modelof the actual system. Nonetheless, it is an excellent learning toolbecause it makes it clear how hard it is to produce a stable positivefeedback loop model with a long transduction delay.Finally, smoothpur2 is a copy of this model that does include a"plant" model in the inner feedback loop. Of course this model doesa terrible job of replicating real pursuit which does involve significantringing (mostly at about 4Hz). It also fails to generate an initialvelocity overshoot which is a characteristic of human pursuit.(Details can be found in: Robinson, Gordon and Gordon. A modelof the smooth pursuit eye movement system. Biological Cybernetics.55: 43-57. 1986.) 